it is gonna be a review on the honor her
care mask this is what it looks like
very very simple and bullying yellow the
navy blue the dark is yellow a simple
standard look and this is a fluid um
this is something you would use after
you wash your hair after you you know
the tank a little conditioner a lot step
on your hair before you get out of the
shower right so yeah those five minutes
treatments and your hair and then rinse
it off and then you style afterwards
this is what this is yeah reading a
little bit of it'd be the greatest
version of yourself dry solution
moisturizing mask for dry ink and
over-processed here my hair is not weak
but it is right and over-processed
I would say I do color it once a year I
do color it jet-black so I say yeah and
in the back description an incredible
and easy to use
intensive hair mask formulated to
penetrate to the very core of your hair
strand is a story charge rejuvenate and
restore dry and over-processed hair
infused with a flower oil known to
moisturize fortify and pamper here
results include gorgeous runway worthy
means void of alcohol parabens
phosphates petroleum mineral oil and
hypoallergenic directions apply
generously into lengths and ends of hair
a low-mass to penetrate to four or five
three to five minutes just like other
after you know after wash masks i do
compare it to compares every standard
after he wash your hair mask but it does
leave one thing behind that's different
from them and right now you're gonna see
me applying it you're gonna see the
texture of it what it looks like and
everything oh you ready this is what it
looks like when i opening so you can see
the texture and yeah it looks really
really yummy right it smells amazing
this is a texture it's very very thick
if you have thick curly hair like me
that's what you would like so this is
just me applying it as already apply so
focus on my ends
my ends cuz they really really dry in
the crown and by the crown I mean just
here on the crown growing out of my
crown I don't know it's the Sun going
directly on it or what but it is the
driest part of my hair me leaving it for
three to five minutes I left it
overnight so I can really see the
results and really feel like if it has
any benefit because Freddie Lee for
three five minutes I wouldn't see no
difference as the other stuff I'm
already using I do like to use the oxy
to remain a miracle that's what I would
compare it to but the only thing is the
smell this and the texture obviously the
texture is amazing
it reminds me of the smoothie by curl I
mean my Shea Moisture like to say curl
moisture by Shea Moisture like the
texture that's the only thing you can
remind me of but it's like better I just
I don't know I really like the texture
the smell is bomb the smell is what
stayed behind in my hair it smells so
good it smells like really sweet and
really really moisturizing even the
texture was moisturize and everything
for the results I felt like it gave me
the same results as other you know after
showers three to five minutes masks
would give you but the smell is what
caught my attention the most it just
smells so amazing in it left my hair
with a smell even after I applied my
product my styling products afterwards
it just smells so good as that is my
review the smell is just so amazing
that's the remarkable and different
thing about the honor hair care product
I give this a 7 out of 10
cuz the smell like oh man you guys
trying it if you haven't and yeah that's
really about it so yeah guys thanks for
watching